I also felt a bit shy and very underqualified to be replying in this thread. I appreciate all the responses, really helped me understand the role of Solid! 

I really like Ruben's comment of not looking at the future with today's eyes! I totally agree, I think we've gotten so accustomed to the data-driven tech economy that it's hard for us to see other ways. I'm sure in the very early stages of the Internet and Web, no one really thought that the future of the Web would become so data-centric. So, I think we just wait and see what the future will bring. I'm optimistic that we can move away from data driving the monetizations in tech. Or maybe not idk. 

Maybe in the future companies can provide unique frontends for similar apps so users can choose which frontend to use. Open-source communities can provide free options, and there can also be paid options for fancier UIs. There can be Pod Providers providing optimized performance, enhanced security, regular backups to long-term archives, fancy UIs, etc, so we can see a sub-industry of competing Pod Providers for different use cases. There could be software developer/designer firms that you can pay to hire someone to customize an app frontend for you. Consultancies for general help in designing, maintaining, and customizing your unique Web experience. There can also be a suite of services that provide data analytics and you yourself get to see the results! Eg. an app that analyzes your data and recommends web content for you, which I guess is like a search engine but at least you know & can maybe control what your data inputs are.. idk. Maybe we'll see an entirely different Web ecosystem than we see today. Very exciting!! 
